In addition to the main LAB metabolites (lactic and acetic acids), they are capable to excrete other inhibition substances (ethanol, ammonia, diacetyl, acetoin, acetaldehyde, hydrogen peroxide, benzoate, formic acid, bacteriolytic enzymes, 2,3-butanediol, free fatty acids, bacteriocins, etc.
mixed fermentation using L. thermotolerans and S. cerevisiae, where an increase in glycerol and 2-phenyl ethanol production
Growth rate of Candida utilis in the presence of various concentrations of lignosulphonic acids during the fermentation of xylose
oxidation of ethanol to acetic acid
oxidation of glucose to gluconic acid
The consumption of fructose by C. zemplinina and the consequent osmotic pressure release promotes a reduction in acetic acid production
Glucose and xylose were used in this study
those products are some amino acids—such as glutamate, lysine, and methionine—and SCP
Specifically, Lpb. plantarum strains co-metabolized with B. subtilis var. natto to elevate the content of pyrazines, characteristic VOCs in natto
We assessed the extent of soybean protein hydrolysis by measuring TCA-soluble peptide and amino acid nitrogen content
produce extracellular β-glucosidase, which catalyzes the release of polyphenols
ACE inhibitory activity of natto fermented by B. subtilis var. natto is significantly higher
2-furfuryl methanol imparts the aroma of bread
acetic acid, benzoic acid and hexanoic acid, contributing to cheesy taste and more
Pyruvate and 2-ketobutyric acid are catalyzed by acetolactate synthase
Acetoin can be converted into 2-amino-3-butanone by reacting with ammonia, and the latter can subsequently condense with aminoacetone to form trimethyl pyrazine
amino acids and also other tea constituents such as catechins, total phenolics and caffeine to discriminate the different types of teas
especially for theanine, with the most abundant peak in the chromatogram, and other adjacent amino acids such as proline and alanine
Cellulose is the major renewable form of carbohydrate in the world
The production of citric acid from such a source of starch
Processes for the production of glutamic acid, valine, lysine, threonine, ct-ketoglutaric acid, citric acid, fumaric acid and hypoxanthine have been detailed
tricarboxylic acid cycle acids can be produced from alkanes, as can various vitamins, such as riboflavin, pyridoxin
measured higher concentrations of isoflavone aglycones and phenolic acids in beverages based on soy whey
When the total sugar consumption was considered, both microorganisms produced Ca-lactate with high yields
Microbiota in cheese whey can hydrolyze proteins and generate bioactive peptides through a fermentation process
Bioconversion of milk permeate with selected lactic acid bacterial strains to produce functional beverages
the glucose and fructose produced will be fermented by yeast into ethanol, which bacteria will oxidize to make acetic acid
lactic acid and glucuronic acid production 
In the initial phase, the sugars glucose and fructose contained in the fruit juice undergo alcoholic fermentation under anaerobic conditions, which is supported by yeasts and leads to the formation of ethanol and CO₂
AAB are then added and the ethanol is oxidised to acetic acid
Acid is produced from D -arabitol, cellobiose, D-fructose, galactose, D-glucose, maltose, D -mannose
melezitol, melibiose, ribose, sucrose, trehalose, D-xylose, glycerol, mannitol, glycogene, D-fucose, and L -arabinose
α-methyl-D-glucoside, N-acetyl gluco-samine, amygdaline, arbutine, salicine, inuline, amidon, xylitol, β-gentiobiose
D -turanose, D -lyxose, D -tagatose, L -fucose, L-arabitol, gluconate, 2-ceto-gluconate, and 5-ceto-gluconate
shows that caffeine content decreases with increasing fermentation time
Caffeine content can decrease because the crude enzyme containing bromelain enzyme will break down proteins in the cell wall
Caffeine, tannins and some phenolics such as chlorogenic acid
coffee pulp, a by-product of coffee processing, as substrate for polygalacturonase production by solid state fermentation
total phenolic compounds (0.3%) was lower than the amount reported by Woldesenbet et al. (2015) of caffeic acid (1.6%) and chlorogenic acid (2.6%), lower than the amount reported by Munguía Ameca et al. (2018) of ferulic acid
The main carbohydrate components of the dry coffee pulp AIS were glucose (33 mol%), galacturonic acid (28 mol%) and arabinose (16 mol%), accompanied by smaller amounts of galactose, xylose, mannose and rhamnose
standard curve of the error acid, namely y = 0.0303x + 0.0062 so that the total levels of phenol juice and sugar pulp
Maillard and Strecker degradation reactions forming aldehydes, furans, pyrazines, pyridines, oxazoles, ketones, phenols, pyrroles 
These amino acids (respectively for control, yeast, and LAB) are phenylalanine, arginine, aspartic acid, threonine, histidine 
Yeast can produce flavor precursors such as aldehydes, ketones and fatty acid esters
produce 4-carbon compounds, active flavor compounds, including diacetyl, acetoin, and 2,3-butanediol by metabolizing citric acid
phenylacetaldehyde which is a phenylalanine derivative
Standard solutions were used to determine the concentration of the organic acids being analyzed
metabolism of trehalose, ergosterol, certain amino acids
An inhibitory effect on the fermentation of sucrose, glucose, xylose and an equimolar mixture of glucose and fructose was found
The lignosulphonic acids cannot be readily removed, however
Some of the inhibition of sucrose fermentation by lignosulphonic acids 
the presence of calcium Iignosulphonate did not affect the rates of oxidation of hexoses
some dilution of the sulphite spent liquor
so far, butanol has gained wide interest
various lignocellulose-rich biomass residues by fermentation of Acetone Butanol Ethanol (ABE)
evaluated the bioethanol production from sweet sorghum
combining choline chloride (CCL) as hydrogen bond acceptor (HBA) with three carboxylic acids (citric acid (CA), lactic acid (LA), acetic acid (AA), lauric acid (LUA), decanoic acid (DA), and oxalic acid (OA))
The yield of respective sugars (glucose, xylose, and arabinose)
One of the products that can be produced by bioprocessing of orange waste is lactic acid or 2-hydroxy-propanoic acid
growth medium and 50% glycerol solution as stock culture
In order to determine the concentration of 5- and 6-carbon sugars and lactic acid in the fermentation medium
total sugar data of hydrolysis experiments were given as the sum of glucose, xylose, galactose and arabinose concentrations
increase in glucose concentration inhibited the activity of β-glucosidase
consumed almost all of the monomeric sugars except xylose
Production of Ca‑lactate from orange bagasse
as well as the removal D-limonene, which is an organic substance
Exploitation of soil bacteria for production of ferulic acid (FA) is extensively performed
containing xylose as the unique source of carbon and without sodium acetate
before inoculation (g L− 1): proteose peptone (10.0),
yeast extract (5.0), ammonium citrate (2.0) and dipotassium phosphate phosphoketolase pathway to lactate, acetate and ethanol with a maximum theoretical yield
Acetobacter spp., can not only convert ethanol and glucose into acetic acid and gluconic acid, but also oxidize other alcohols and sugars to produce corresponding acids, ketones, and other substances
Lactobacillus plantarum, have the ability to ferment in the presence of 8.0 g L− 1 furfural and 6.0 g L− 1 5-hydroxymethylfurfural (5-HMF)
production of 500 tonne ascorbic acid or Vitamin C with a high purity of 95% via fermentation of d-sorbitol
Sorbitol is commonly used in the industrial manufacturing
Conversion of sorbitol to sorbose by Gluconobacter oxydans
Metabolism reaction: Sorbitol + Oxygen + Ammonia
Main Reaction: Sorbose + Oxygen + Sodium carbonate → Sodium keto-gluconic acid + Water + Carbon dioxide
Sodium keto-gluconic acid + Water → Keto-gluconic acid + Sodium hydroxide
Methyl gluconate + Sodium bicarbonate → Sodium ascorbate + Methanol + Water + Carbon dioxide
Pseudoglyconobacter Saccharoketogenes can oxidize primary alcohol, secondary alcohol, aldehydes and polysaccharides.
2-keto-gulonic acid undergoes esterification process with methanol at 64 °C to produce methyl gluconate
Methyl gluconate reacts with sodium carbonate to form sodium ascorbate
Hydrolysis of protein to produce amines and ammonia through peptides and amino acids is reported to be responsible for initial change in pH
B. subtilis fermentation cause very little change in lipid content in soybeans 
B. subtilis fermentation also alters the amino acid profiles as there is relative increase in free acidic, hydrophobic and apolar amino acid but depletion of basic, hydrophilic and sulphur containing amino acids
increased concentration of thiamine (5.8 to 8.4 mg/kg), riboflavin (6.8 to 11.6 mg/kg) and niacin (36.4 to 4.8 mg/kg). They further added that the presence of Enterococcus faecium in Kinema significantly reduce the level of all three vitamins
identified the linoleic acid as the major fatty acid in soybeans 
hydrolyses â-glucosyl bonds in soybeans that cause total increase of aglycone and anthocyanin 
identified three phytosterols, campesterol, stigmasterol and â-sitosterol
fermentation tends to increase total polyphenolic compound and anthocyanins, up to 10 and 250%
â-glucosidase, which catalyses the hydrolysis of glucoside isoflavones to aglycone forms
whereas genistein and daidzein (aglycone) tend to increase
The major components of these volatiles are 3-hydroxybutanone (acetoin), 2-methylbutanoic acid, pyrazines, and dimethyl sulfides together with other aromatic compounds
Acetoine is then oxidised to diacetyl which is an aromatic compound linked in to flavour of many foods, such as yogurt.
a number of proteolytic enzymes which hydrolyze protein to smaller peptides and finally ammonia
proteins to smaller peptides, amino acids and simple sulphur and nitrogen compounds; starch into oligosaccharides and simple sugars and lipids into simple fatty acids
it has been shown that S. cerevisiae could grow in milk and produce small amounts of ethanol, glycerol, and lactic acid
The average content of lactose, ash, protein, and non-protein nitrogen was 4.8%, 0.51%, 0.72%, and 0.08%, respectively
convert lactose into value-added chemicals such as lactic acid and other compounds, including ethanol, citric, acetic, lactulose
 bacteriocins, organic acids and other metabolites produced by LAB in dairy products
LAB produce metabolites such as acetic, lactic, propionic, phenyllactic and hydroxyphenyl lactic acids
Other LAB antimicrobials include H2O2, fatty acids (decanoic, coriolic), diacetyl and acetoin and bacteriocin
In the case of acetoin or diacetyl, these compounds can interact with arginine
reuterin produced by Limosilactobacillus reuteri is reported as a potent compound
A. aceti is an obligate aerobe that is able to use ethanol, glycerol, and glucose as carbon sources for growth
conversion of the malic acid present in wine into lactic acid
noticeable differences observed in terms of the geraniol, nerol and trans geranic acid content
wine made from TW, in the concentration of capric acid and its ethyl ester
diethylsuccinate, butanoic and 3-methylbutaonic acid.
some fermentative compounds, such as ethyl lactate, isoamyl and n-ehxyl acetate, and ß-phenylethyl alcohol
increases the content of ethyl lactate and of certain acetates that could improve the fruity notes of wine
glycerol content, enhanced total acidity, or reduced acetic acid content of the wine
negative interactions, with a decrease in the terpene and lactone contents
In addition, cinnamic acids, p-coumaric acid, ferulic acid, and caffeic acid were found in rowanberries
Pectin components are galacturonic acid, galactose, arabinose, and other monosaccharides
Homofermentative bacteria generate few by-products such as glycerol, ethanol, acetic acid, formic acid, and CO2 during fermentation
yeast will divide sucrose into fructose and glucose
Glucose will be transformed into gluconic acid, while fructose will be converted to various organic acids
The production of acetic acid and D-saccharic acid-1,4-lactone (DSL) in Kom-P and -F tended to increase with increasing fermentation time.
acetic acid-producing bacterium, and is known as a producer of highly crystalline cellulose known as bacterial cellulose
L-Glucuronic acid is another major organic acid found in kombucha metabolites
D-saccharic acid-1,4-lactone (DSL)
In addition to glucuronic acid, the main active compound in kombucha is DSL
The choice of yeast strain can have a significant impact on the flavour profile of the fermented wine, as certain strains can influence the fermentation rate, ethanol content, residual sugar, tannins, esters, methanol and volatile acids
These processes promote the development of compounds such as diacetyl, isoamyl acetate and sotolone 
Mandai vinegar is produced from fermented A. champeden peel, with its characteristic properties derived from volatile organic acids like lactic, propionic, and butyric acids
could hydrolyze esculin, but not Tween 60 and casein, gelatin
different concentrations of folic acid standard solution
Folic acid is an essential vitamin for humans. Since the body cannot produce folate
Natto has a unique flavor, with study indicating that 3-hydroxybutanone (acetoin), 2-methyl butyric acid, pyrazines, dimethyl disulfide and 2-pentyl furan are the main volatile compound
yielded 2,5-dimethyl-pyrazine and trimethyl pyrazin
1-nonanol, 2-decanone and 2-undecanone has a floral aroma
In addition, phenyl aldehyde and benzyl alcohol, with floral odor
promote the decomposition of gallate by adjusting pH value
L-threonine is catalyzed by L-threonine-3-dehydrogenase (TDH) to form aminoacetone, which can subsequently undergo a series of reactions to generate various alkyl pyrazines
2,3-pentanedione can be converted to 2-aminopentan-3-one. Finally, 2-ethyl-3,5-dimethyl-pyrazine can be generated by cyclization of 2-aminopentan-3-one with aminoacetone
Aminoacetone can be converted into pyruvate under the catalysis of enzymes such as amine oxidase, and pyruvate can be further converted into acetoin through α-AlsS and α-acetolactate decarboxylase
Theanine (5-N-ethylglutamine) is the most abundant amino acid in tea
Proline, alanine, glutamic acid and aspartic acid were the most efficient extracted from tea leaves
more than one functional group such as tyrosine and histidine
some B-group vitamins (thiamin 0.03 mg%, riboflavin 0.14 mg%; nicotinic acid 0.1 mg%)
patents have appeared for the production of ε-aminocaproic acid by a Bacillus sp.
and of V-(61-aminocaproyl)-6-amino-caproic acid and other acids by Alcaligenes lactamolyticus or an Achromobacter sp.
A major use of ethanol will probably be as a co-substrate and in this way a number of products have been recently described: for example, orotic acid and orotidine, ergosterol and cephalosporin 
Kefir fermentation is known to result in the synthesis of antioxidant compounds, namely glutathione, organic acids, and phenolic compounds
Nisin, lacticin 3147 and 481, pediocin AcH, thermophilin, macedocin, reuterin and enterocin AS-38 and KP are some of the bacteriocins that have been effectively applied in different cheeses
In natto, they may neutralize ammonia compounds by producing acidic substances and degrade amine substances by generating amine oxidase
During the fermentation process, the papain enzyme will hydrolyze the proteins in vacuoles into amino acids, and then compounds in vacuoles, such as caffeine, will come out
characterization of the polygalacturonase using high methoxyl pectin as substrate
coffee pulp suggests the presence of pectins, hemicelluloses and cellulose
The analysis of neutral sugars and uronic acids in the alcohol
This could be due to the presence of amino acids with higher concentrations than the control, such as phenylalanine, arginine, aspartate, threonine, histidine
furans, thiazoles, pyrones, acids, imines, amines, oxazoles, pyrroles, and ethers
production of lactic acid and volatile organic compounds (i.e., 1-hexanol, nonanal, 2-phenethyl acetate, 2-methyl-butanoic acid)
Oenococcus oeni is responsible for wine fermentation, and can take between 1 and 3 weeks
Fermentation takes place usually in glass jars, but industrially can take place in bioreactors and breweries
Saccharomyces fragilis, also known as S. fragilis, produces galactosidase
Several factors can influence the production of lactase such as temperature, pH, incubation time and medium fermentation
It has been investigated whether Pseudomonas sp. can enhance cheese whey fermentation
The letters of the alphabet are: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y and z!
development of a film of Mycoderma aceti on the surface of the wine
a member of the genus Oceanobacillus similar to that of the type strain of Oceanobacillus oncorhynchi
Other genera, such as Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium and Mucor
Alcaligenes lactamolyticus or an Achromobacter sp.
Brevibacterium divaricatum grown on conventional (carbohydrate) substrates
The production of a heteropolysaccharide from a bacterium, Methylomonas mucosa
the yeast in the culture (Candida colliculosa)
Food and Drug Administration for species such as Bacillus subtilis and Bacillus licheniformis
Lactobacillus plantarum, L. brevis, Leuconostoc paramesenteroides, L. mesenteroides, and Streptococcus faecium
Many studies across all winemaking areas have established the yeast succession of Hanseniaspora to Saccharomyces during spontaneous fermentation of grape juice
better knowledge of the physiological and metabolic interactions between S. cerevisiae
contact appears to be also involved in the interactions between S. cerevisiae and other non-Saccharomyces species, such as Torulaspora delbrueckii, Hanseniaspora uvarum and Kluyveromyces thermotolerans (now reclassified as Lachanchea thermotolerans) 
low tolerance to low available oxygen exhibited by K. thermotolerans and T. delbrueckii could in part
mixed fermentation, such as Kluyveromyces marxianus, K. thermotolerans, Hanseniaspora guillermondii and Dekkera bruxellensis, thus showing strictly species-dependent antimicrobial effects
undesired proliferation of H. uvarum
glycerol levels and total acidity shown by mixed fermentation with Starmerella bombicola
mixed fermentation using T. delbrueckii and L. thermotolerans
exchange of acetaldehyde between S. cerevisiae and Saccharomyces bayanus
The influence of S. bombicola in
The fructophilic yeast Candida zemplinina in mixed sweet wine
Positive interactions between Pichia anomala and S. cerevisiae
synergistic effect was shown in mixed fermentation using L. thermotolerans and S. cerevisiae
Leuconostoc mesenteroides, Lactiplantibacillus plantarum, Enteroccocus pseudoavium, Lacticaseibacillus casei, Latilactobacillus curvatus, Lactobacillus farraginis, Pediococcus pentosaceus, Pediococcus acidilactici, Lacticaseibacillus paracasei, Loigolactobacillus coryniformis, Levilactobacillus brevis, and Liquorilactobacillus uvarum
Comparing the anti-microbial activities of several sourdough LAB—viz., Lp. plantarum, Lc. casei, Lat. curvatus, L. farraginis, P. pentosaceus
L. mesenteroides, P. acidilactici, Lc. paracasei, E. pseudoavium, Lp. plantarum, Lev. brevis, Liq. uvarum, and so on—the broadest anti-microbial spectrum
strongest inhibition of the tested pathogens were displayed by Liq. uvarum and Lc. casei strains. Liq. uvarum belongs to the Ligilactobacillus salivarius group
The rowanberries showed anti-microbial activities against Staphylococcus aureus and hemagglutination of Escherichia coli HB101
also proved to inhibit S. aureus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, E. coli, E. faecalis, and L. monocytogenes
tested against 15 pathogens [Klebsiella pneumoniae, Salmonella enterica, P. aeruginosa
essential oils (Citrus reticulate L., Eugenia caryophyllata, Citrus paradise L., and Thymus vulgaris), and sourdough LAB
xylitol also possesses anti-microbial properties, as it inhibits S. mutans
total content of GOS was produced by P. acidilactici strain
S. nigra L. is very popular in wine, juice, tea
Bilberry (V. myrtillus L.) is traditionally used
natural yeast obtained from pepino fruit (Solanum maricatum) 
In this study, Lactobacillus fermentum (LF) inoculum was used as stater culture for small scale cocoa fermentation
B. subtilis var. natto can promotes the growth and metabolism of Lpb. plantarum
study the coffee fermentation with inoculation of Bacillus subtilis isolated from civet (Paradoxorus hermaphroditus) 
Of a list of strains, P.putida SS9, Methylobacterium sp., P. hydrogenovora, and more obscure ones such as Haloferax mediterranei and B. megaterium have been investigated in cheese whey medium
Acetobacter aceti is the most widespread species in vinegar production, which is optimally active at 28°C and sufficient aeration. Its metabolic activity is inhibited below 20°C and above 33°C
Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota, which accelerates the fermentation and allows for a rapid increase in the LAB population, reaching 99% of the microbial community by day seven at a pH of 3.52. 
a member of the genus Oceanobacillus similar to that of the type strain of Oceanobacillus oncorhynchi subsp. incaldanensis DSM 16557T (97.2%), O. oncorhynchi subsp. oncorhynchi JCM 12661T (97.1%), O. locisalsi KCTC 13253T (97.0%), and O. sojae JCM 15792 T (96.9%). Strain TK1655 T was oxidase and catalase positive. The range for growth was 20–40°C (optimal, 30°C), pH 6.0–10.0 (optimal, 7.0), and 2–16% (w/v) NaCl (optimal, 2%).
polygalacturonase activity produced by Aspergillus niger van Thiegem on dry coffee pulp vs pH, in the range pH 2.0 – pH 9.0, being the maximum of activity 
maximun of activity using high methoxyl pectin as the substrate at 45°C. These results are similar to those found in polygalacturonases from Aspergillus sp. (pH 4.5, 40ºC,
The consumption of fructose by C. zemplinina and the consequent osmotic pressure release promotes a reduction in acetic acid production by the S. cerevisiae strain
Another synergistic effect was shown in mixed fermentation using L. thermotolerans and S. cerevisiae, where an increase in glycerol and 2-phenyl ethanol production in comparison with pure cultures
Lactic acid bacteria in sourdough can break down lactose in milk into lactic acid
Sourdough is a mixture of flour and water that is fermented with homo and heterofermentative LAB and yeasts. LAB produce organic acids, such as lactic acid and acetic acid, which will lower the pH, and sour taste is achieved.
The decrease in the pH value indicates that the kombucha fermentation is running
several terms describe the taste of kombucha, including vinegar, sour, and bubbly flavor notes.
Kombucha is a fermented beverage containing organic acids by yeast and acetic acid bacteria
During food fermentation by mixed microorganisms, yeast produces alcohol, and bacteria produce lactic and organic acids, changing the environment from aerobic to anaerobic; thus, they complement each other and prevent the growth of unwanted microorganisms.
Therefore, the inhibitory compounds, anaerobic conditions, and low pH caused by mixed cultures hinder the production of undesirable mold and bacteria 
Gluconacetobacter hansenii, was identified as an acetic acid-producing bacterium
in the case of kombucha fermented by Candida sp., such as Candida tropicalis, which is known to be able to degrade complex polyphenols
AAB are then added and the ethanol is oxidised to acetic acid
Glycerol contributes significantly to the sensory quality of wine by adding sweetness and body. It also serves as a carbon source for Acetobacter species and protects them under unfavourable conditions such as high pH 
AAB, especially Acetobacter species, are Gramme-negative, ellipsoidal to rod-shaped microorganisms that metabolise aerobically, with oxygen serving as the terminal electron acceptor [41]. However, some strains can survive under low-oxygen conditions by utilising quinones as alternative electron acceptors 
Acetobacter and Komagataeibacter play a key role in the oxidation of ethanol to acetic acid
Gluconobacter plays a crucial role in the oxidation of glucose to gluconic acid
Species of the genus Acetobacter preferentially oxidise ethanol over glucose, whereas Gluconobacter species oxidise glucose rather than ethanol [54]. Their optimal growth conditions are typically between 25 and 30°C and a pH of 5.0–6.5, although many AAB can also grow at lower pH values, such as 3.0–4.0 
Lactic acid suppresses E. coli growth by reducing the intracellular pH of the bacterial cell
B. subtilis can produce extracellular β-glucosidase, which catalyzes the release of polyphenols, increasing their content
ACE inhibitory activity of natto fermented by B. subtilis var. natto is significantly higher
volatile substances produced by B. subtilis var. natto in natto fermentation are mainly pyrazines and ketone
Fermentation of B. subtilis var. natto Y15-11 and B. subtilis var. natto Y15 yielded 2,5-dimethyl-pyrazine and trimethyl pyrazin
found that high levels of pyrazines in natto were associated with cocoa and baking aromas, while Wang reported that elevated pyrazine levels imparted nutty and roasted flavors
1-nonanol, 2-decanone and 2-undecanone has a floral aroma
2-furfuryl methanol imparts the aroma of bread
acetic acid, benzoic acid and hexanoic acid, contributing to cheesy taste and more
The synergy between B. subtilis var. natto and Lpb. plantarum promotes the decomposition of peptide
Lpb. plantarum obviously reduces TVBN content and reduces organic amine production. It can inhibit the protease activity of B. subtilis var. natto and reduce the production of ammonia, degrade organic amines through amine oxidase, and acidic substances such as lactic acid and acetic acid can also neutralize ammonia compound
B. subtilis var. natto can enhance the tannase activity of Lpb. plantarum and promote the decomposition of gallate by adjusting pH value
accumulation of glutamic acid by Methylomonas methylovara strains
The addition of 3% methanol to cane juice stimulates the production of citric acid by Aspergillus niger (57) which, of course, cannot use methanol as a sole carbon source
Citric acid production, using Candida lipolytica
some organic acids produced in coffee fermentation include lactic acid, acid acetate, butyric acid, and other carboxylic acids
The coffee pulp is mixed with a solution of urea, ammonium sulphate and potassium phosphate, having a final humidity of 60% and pH 5.5
it was decided to use pectin as substrate, since polygalacturonic acid become unsoluble at pH 3.0 and lower, while at pH 2.0, pectin is still soluble
Phenol in coffee pulp causes a sour and astringent taste in processed products, so a fermentation process is needed to degrade phenol compounds during aerobic fermentation
it was found that the longer the fermentation process lasts, the lower the reduced sugar content in the juice and sugar pulp of the coffee produced. This is because the sugar formed during fermentation is broken down by yeast to produce alcohol
the presence of LAB may provide benefits for yeast growth such as promoting or inhibiting various metabolic processes in yeast cells: metabolism of trehalose, ergosterol, certain amino acids
Citric acid and malic acid are naturally present in green coffee beans. The content of malic acid and citric acid can contribute to the citric and herbaceous taste after roasting [43]. In addition, malic acid can also provide apple flavor [44], but it did not appear in this study.
acetic acid can give a fruity taste when it is at low concentrations 
LAB is able to produce lactic acid and acetic acid which play a role in the taste of coffee, LAB is also able to produce 4-carbon compounds, active flavor compounds, including diacetyl, acetoin, and 2,3-butanediol by metabolizing citric acid
Enterobacteriaceae is one of the bacteria whose presence is undesirable because it is not related to the preferred flavor precursors in coffee, and these bacteria can produce off-flavor metabolites such as 3-isopropyl-2-methoxy-5-methylpyrazine, 2,3-butanediol and butyric acid.
produce off-flavor metabolites such as 3-isopropyl-2-methoxy-5-methylpyrazine, 2,3-butanediol and butyric acid.
banana stem contains about 15.42% lignin, 53.45% cellulose and 28.56% hemicellulose
biotransformation of FA into other phenolic compounds, such as vanillin and vanillic acid, may occur during fermentation
and yeast could convert glucose into ethanol
conversion of C-5 sugars to high levels of lactic acid
almost complete removal of indigestible oligosaccharides such as sucrose, trisaccharides (raffinose), tetrasaccharides (stachyose)
In addition, cinnamic acids, p-coumaric acid, ferulic acid, and caffeic acid were found in rowanberries
The essential oils of A. absinthium have a high concentration of myrcene, trans-thujone, and trans-sabinyl acetate
Cocoa pulp which consists of 80% water, 15% glucose and fructose
cocoa bean shell contains functional components such as theobromine, caffeine, and polyphenols
Black tea (Lipton, India) was used as a substrate for fermentation
Mulberry leaf (ML), a kind of medicinal and edible plant, is rich in isoquercitrin, quercetin, choline, amino acids, sugars, flavonoids, alkaloids, organic acids, vitamins, phenolic substances, and other active ingredients