Many studies across all winemaking areas have established the yeast succession of Hanseniaspora to Saccharomyces during spontaneous fermentation of grape juice
better knowledge of the physiological and metabolic interactions between S. cerevisiae
contact appears to be also involved in the interactions between S. cerevisiae and other non-Saccharomyces species, such as Torulaspora delbrueckii, Hanseniaspora uvarum and Kluyveromyces thermotolerans (now reclassified as Lachanchea thermotolerans) 
low tolerance to low available oxygen exhibited by K. thermotolerans and T. delbrueckii could in part
mixed fermentation, such as Kluyveromyces marxianus, K. thermotolerans, Hanseniaspora guillermondii and Dekkera bruxellensis, thus showing strictly species-dependent antimicrobial effects
undesired proliferation of H. uvarum
glycerol levels and total acidity shown by mixed fermentation with Starmerella bombicola
mixed fermentation using T. delbrueckii and L. thermotolerans
exchange of acetaldehyde between S. cerevisiae and Saccharomyces bayanus
The influence of S. bombicola in
The fructophilic yeast Candida zemplinina in mixed sweet wine
Positive interactions between Pichia anomala and S. cerevisiae
synergistic effect was shown in mixed fermentation using L. thermotolerans and S. cerevisiae
Leuconostoc mesenteroides, Lactiplantibacillus plantarum, Enteroccocus pseudoavium, Lacticaseibacillus casei, Latilactobacillus curvatus, Lactobacillus farraginis, Pediococcus pentosaceus, Pediococcus acidilactici, Lacticaseibacillus paracasei, Loigolactobacillus coryniformis, Levilactobacillus brevis, and Liquorilactobacillus uvarum
Comparing the anti-microbial activities of several sourdough LAB—viz., Lp. plantarum, Lc. casei, Lat. curvatus, L. farraginis, P. pentosaceus
L. mesenteroides, P. acidilactici, Lc. paracasei, E. pseudoavium, Lp. plantarum, Lev. brevis, Liq. uvarum, and so on—the broadest anti-microbial spectrum
strongest inhibition of the tested pathogens were displayed by Liq. uvarum and Lc. casei strains. Liq. uvarum belongs to the Ligilactobacillus salivarius group
The rowanberries showed anti-microbial activities against Staphylococcus aureus and hemagglutination of Escherichia coli HB101
also proved to inhibit S. aureus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, E. coli, E. faecalis, and L. monocytogenes
tested against 15 pathogens [Klebsiella pneumoniae, Salmonella enterica, P. aeruginosa
essential oils (Citrus reticulate L., Eugenia caryophyllata, Citrus paradise L., and Thymus vulgaris), and sourdough LAB
xylitol also possesses anti-microbial properties, as it inhibits S. mutans
total content of GOS was produced by P. acidilactici strain
S. nigra L. is very popular in wine, juice, tea
Bilberry (V. myrtillus L.) is traditionally used
natural yeast obtained from pepino fruit (Solanum maricatum) 
In this study, Lactobacillus fermentum (LF) inoculum was used as stater culture for small scale cocoa fermentation
B. subtilis var. natto can promotes the growth and metabolism of Lpb. plantarum
study the coffee fermentation with inoculation of Bacillus subtilis isolated from civet (Paradoxorus hermaphroditus) 
Of a list of strains, P.putida SS9, Methylobacterium sp., P. hydrogenovora, and more obscure ones such as Haloferax mediterranei and B. megaterium have been investigated in cheese whey medium