In dairy fermentations, strains of LAB produce metabolites such as acetic, lactic, propionic, phenyllactic and hydroxyphenyl lactic acids, which have been shown to inhibit the growth of certain bacteria and fungi
A. aceti is an obligate aerobe that is able to use ethanol, glycerol, and glucose as carbon sources for growth
The consumption of fructose by C. zemplinina and the consequent osmotic pressure release promotes a reduction in acetic acid production by the S. cerevisiae strain
Another synergistic effect was shown in mixed fermentation using L. thermotolerans and S. cerevisiae, where an increase in glycerol and 2-phenyl ethanol production in comparison with pure cultures
Lactic acid bacteria in sourdough can break down lactose in milk into lactic acid
Sourdough is a mixture of flour and water that is fermented with homo and heterofermentative LAB and yeasts. LAB produce organic acids, such as lactic acid and acetic acid, which will lower the pH, and sour taste is achieved.
The decrease in the pH value indicates that the kombucha fermentation is running
several terms describe the taste of kombucha, including vinegar, sour, and bubbly flavor notes.
Kombucha is a fermented beverage containing organic acids by yeast and acetic acid bacteria
During food fermentation by mixed microorganisms, yeast produces alcohol, and bacteria produce lactic and organic acids, changing the environment from aerobic to anaerobic; thus, they complement each other and prevent the growth of unwanted microorganisms.
Therefore, the inhibitory compounds, anaerobic conditions, and low pH caused by mixed cultures hinder the production of undesirable mold and bacteria 
Gluconacetobacter hansenii, was identified as an acetic acid-producing bacterium, and is known as a producer of highly crystalline cellulose known as bacterial cellulose
in the case of kombucha fermented by Candida sp., such as Candida tropicalis, which is known to be able to degrade complex polyphenols
AAB are then added and the ethanol is oxidised to acetic acid
Glycerol contributes significantly to the sensory quality of wine by adding sweetness and body. It also serves as a carbon source for Acetobacter species and protects them under unfavourable conditions such as high pH 
AAB, especially Acetobacter species, are Gramme-negative, ellipsoidal to rod-shaped microorganisms that metabolise aerobically, with oxygen serving as the terminal electron acceptor [41]. However, some strains can survive under low-oxygen conditions by utilising quinones as alternative electron acceptors 
Acetobacter and Komagataeibacter play a key role in the oxidation of ethanol to acetic acid
Gluconobacter plays a crucial role in the oxidation of glucose to gluconic acid
Species of the genus Acetobacter preferentially oxidise ethanol over glucose, whereas Gluconobacter species oxidise glucose rather than ethanol [54]. Their optimal growth conditions are typically between 25 and 30°C and a pH of 5.0–6.5, although many AAB can also grow at lower pH values, such as 3.0–4.0 
Lactic acid suppresses E. coli growth by reducing the intracellular pH of the bacterial cell
B. subtilis can produce extracellular β-glucosidase, which catalyzes the release of polyphenols, increasing their content
ACE inhibitory activity of natto fermented by B. subtilis var. natto is significantly higher
volatile substances produced by B. subtilis var. natto in natto fermentation are mainly pyrazines and ketone
Fermentation of B. subtilis var. natto Y15-11 and B. subtilis var. natto Y15 yielded 2,5-dimethyl-pyrazine and trimethyl pyrazin
found that high levels of pyrazines in natto were associated with cocoa and baking aromas, while Wang reported that elevated pyrazine levels imparted nutty and roasted flavors
1-nonanol, 2-decanone and 2-undecanone has a floral aroma
2-furfuryl methanol imparts the aroma of bread
acetic acid, benzoic acid and hexanoic acid, contributing to cheesy taste and more
The synergy between B. subtilis var. natto and Lpb. plantarum promotes the decomposition of peptide
Lpb. plantarum obviously reduces TVBN content and reduces organic amine production. It can inhibit the protease activity of B. subtilis var. natto and reduce the production of ammonia, degrade organic amines through amine oxidase, and acidic substances such as lactic acid and acetic acid can also neutralize ammonia compound
B. subtilis var. natto can enhance the tannase activity of Lpb. plantarum and promote the decomposition of gallate by adjusting pH value
accumulation of glutamic acid by Methylomonas methylovara strains
The addition of 3% methanol to cane juice stimulates the production of citric acid by Aspergillus niger (57) which, of course, cannot use methanol as a sole carbon source
Citric acid production, using Candida lipolytica
some organic acids produced in coffee fermentation include lactic acid, acid acetate, butyric acid, and other carboxylic acids
Caffeine content can decrease because the crude enzyme containing bromelain enzyme will break down proteins in the cell wall
characterization of the polygalacturonase using high methoxyl pectin as substrate indicates an optimal pH of 4.0 and 45oC as optimal temperature
The coffee pulp is mixed with a solution of urea, ammonium sulphate and potassium phosphate, having a final humidity of 60% and pH 5.5
it was decided to use pectin as substrate, since polygalacturonic acid become unsoluble at pH 3.0 and lower, while at pH 2.0, pectin is still soluble
Phenol in coffee pulp causes a sour and astringent taste in processed products, so a fermentation process is needed to degrade phenol compounds during aerobic fermentation
it was found that the longer the fermentation process lasts, the lower the reduced sugar content in the juice and sugar pulp of the coffee produced. This is because the sugar formed during fermentation is broken down by yeast to produce alcohol
the presence of LAB may provide benefits for yeast growth such as promoting or inhibiting various metabolic processes in yeast cells: metabolism of trehalose, ergosterol, certain amino acids
Citric acid and malic acid are naturally present in green coffee beans. The content of malic acid and citric acid can contribute to the citric and herbaceous taste after roasting [43]. In addition, malic acid can also provide apple flavor [44], but it did not appear in this study.
acetic acid can give a fruity taste when it is at low concentrations 
LAB is able to produce lactic acid and acetic acid which play a role in the taste of coffee, LAB is also able to produce 4-carbon compounds, active flavor compounds, including diacetyl, acetoin, and 2,3-butanediol by metabolizing citric acid
Enterobacteriaceae is one of the bacteria whose presence is undesirable because it is not related to the preferred flavor precursors in coffee, and these bacteria can produce off-flavor metabolites such as 3-isopropyl-2-methoxy-5-methylpyrazine, 2,3-butanediol and butyric acid.